Once upon of time
there was a Man named Henry
Henry never knew the difference between humans and animals. Since he was raised in the woods. Henry loved hunting his prey.
As he got better at hunting his prey became easier to catch. It started march 8, 3030
A group of friends went to go on a camping trip. This trip was different from others because they decided to go into a new forest called the rooting forest.
Now the group of friends were made up of 2 girls and 3 guys. The girls were named Molly and Amanda. The guys were max, Jack and, Steve. 
Molly loved to eat marshmallows so she brought 4 bags. As they all got into the car and were ready to leave Max heard a weird noise coming from the car.
But he ignored it since it wasn't his car so it wasn't his problem.
While they were on the road Amanda saw some weird markings in the trees but to her it wasn't that cute so she discarded it.
As the group got to the camp site and set up  Jack started hearing noises. But he believed he  could beat any animal since he is used to fight with bears in his video game.
As night hit the group fell asleep but on thing they didn't know is that they were on Henry's land and he hated when cattle came to his land.
Since Henry hasn't had dinner yet he figured these cattle would do so he set traps around the site. Bear traps, hanging rope, etc.
Jack woke up and decided that he needed to use the restroom so he walked out the tent and walk to a tree atleast 50 meters away from the others so he won't wake anyone up.
As he was walking he heard owls and started to look up and see the beautiful moon light.
Then he heard a crunch sound and when he looked down he saw his bone crushed into dust he started to scream but that is when a axe hit his face and took of his head.
The sounds echoed across the forest then it was silent.
The others woke up and realize Jack was gone but the others didn't care much since he tends to wander off but they knew he would be back eventually. Max started to tell Steve that this is his chance with Amanda.
Because Amanda was the popular girl in high school that they all graduated at and she just went through a rough break up.
Steve has always had a crush on Amanda while Max had a crush on molly but unfortunately for them they both liked Jack.
So as the two guys Started to talk to the to ladies they all heard a weird sound and Amanda told Steve that he show go check it out. Since Steve was so deep in love he said sure.
Max told him it was a stupid idea because it's a basic horror movie scene. But Steve said those are only movies and there no real.
As Steve walked into the deeper part of the forest where they all heard the sound. As he got deeper into the forest the sunlight was blocked by the trees, and it was dark and Steve was lost. He tried to turn back but he couldn't find his way.
